>> Steve Kinney: So we're gonna
look at this React application.
I'm gonna take you on a tour of it.
This React application right now, it's
like a brand new Create React application.
It's managing all of its state in memory.
And it doesn't have any back end.
It doesn't have any sense of
authentication, or authorization,
or anything along those lines.
It just is, again, a very simple,
just a few components on the page.
And this is an application for keeping
track of all the people who have wronged
you, cuz that's difficult at times.
As I get older, there's more and more
people that need a place on that list.
And so sometimes, being an engineer,
you're trying to scratch your own itch,
and you're trying to build
the application that you need.
And maybe other people find it useful.
And so I hope, as we build this
application, and give it a back end, and
give it authentication, eventually give it
real-time push and stuff that I don't know
if any grudge list really needs, we'll
kind of build in all of those features.
We'll also build a second application
in a little bit, as well.
But this is kind of our main
application as we go through.
So let's actually switch gears and
take a little bit of a look at
a tour of this application.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm gonna
check out a new branch.
What should I call this new branch?
>> Steve Kinney: really-live,
okay, gonna have our branch.
We'll kinda push up to
it as a we go along.
This branch is a little bit changed from
a normal AWS Mobile Hub application,
insofar that I added some of the Mobile
Hub specific stuff to gitignore.
So you should be able to
pull in some of the changes.
Normally, you can figure all
this back end in your repo,
you probably wanna commit
it to source control.
So this is like a few extra
additions to gitignore.
But your application, you can
actually configure your back end in
this same repo and
have all that infrastructure set in code.
A lot of times, well especially
with DevOps stuff, it's one wizard.
It's like configuring all these
servers and then went on vacation and
nobody knows how anything works.
In this case, a lot of your back end
infrastructure is committed as code.
And you can check in the version control,
you can see how it changes.
And you can modify the infrastructure and
push it back up.
We just have those things in gitignore,
because sharing is caring.
Right, so that branch,
the really light branch just pushed up.
Right now, it's just master.
We haven't made any changes to it yet.
We're gonna take a tour
of the application.
Then what we're gonna do is we're going
to see how easy it is to kind of deploy
a full stack React and Node application.
Right, all of the code will be in
this application, our back end,
as well as our front end.
But it won't just be like a little
toy app on a single server somewhere.
It's going to be a full AWS powered,
scalable infrastructure from day one.
First, let's just take a tour of
the actual React code, though.
This application started it's life
as a Create React App application.
So React applications start
with a single component
mounted to a single element in the DOM.
So in this case, there is,
if we looked at the index.html,
we would see that it's got a head and
it's got a body.
And it only has one empty div in it, which
has the ID of root, which is all we need.
Cuz we're gonna pull in React,
ReactDOM, our basic CSS file,
this application component,
and mount it onto the page.
So this is the kind of source
of truth of our application.
Inside of Application.js,
>> Steve Kinney: We're gonna pull in,
we have a few helper components which
is a list of all of our grudges and
a little form for creating a new grudge.
We're not really gonna
need to work with these.
I've had them made them components so just
basically get them out of these files, so
they didn't have to touch them too much.
But Application, this component,
holds on to some amount of state.
In this case, it's an empty array of
grudges that we're keeping in memory.
We have a method for adding a grudge,
and all that does is a text a single
grudge and pass it on to the array
of all the existing grudges.
So if we fill the form, that grudge is
added on, and we can see it on the page.
All of this is happening in memory.
So the moment you refresh this page,
everything's gone, right,
which makes it kind of not great for
it's purpose.
But you know, what do I know.
Removing a grudge, we just filter
out the grudge that has that ID.
There are obviously more robust and
sophisticated ways of managing
state in a React application.
But the goal is to kinda keep it
simple and into one component.
A very handsome gentleman did
an entire two-day course on
Advanced State Management in React,
you should totally watch it.
>> Steve Kinney: Toggling, we're basically
gonna find all the other grudges,
change our one grudge,
and then put that changed grudge on
the list of all the other grudges.
All right, it's just a way of,
arrays are hard, [LAUGH] right?
You have to get all the stuff
that's not in there, right?
I feel really strongly about objects, but
that's a whole bunch of extra boilerplate.
So we'll stick with arrays,
even if we're kinda staring at the code
makes you wanna cry a little bit.
Finally, all right, so
that's all the state management
of this application component.
What does it mean when we actually
wanna show it on the page?
So we'll pull out all those
grudges out of the state.
We have our unavengedgrudges and
our avengedgrudges.
And we have this too.
We have new grudge form,
which is just basically a name, and
the thing that they did that wronged you
and a button to add them to the list.
We have the list of unavengedgrudges and
avengedgrudges, and the ability to
basically toggle and manage that state.
Then finally, we export that application.
I'm not gonna go through the rest of the
components cuz we won't be touching them.
But it's basically the rest of
the infrastructure to get out of our way.
For the most part,
when we modify this application,
we're not gonna be changing
too much of its functionality.
We're just gonna be changing
the way that it manages the state.
Cuz right now,
it manages all that state in memory.
Again, the second you refresh the page,
you're dumping out all of that memory.
What we would like to do is
we would like to go ahead and
actually persist that to a database.
Now it's a little bit easier
said than done, right?
You don't wanna have a global
database that everyone's,
like maybe you wanna have a global
grudge that's that's anonymous.
Anonymous people on the internet are the
best, probably not exactly what you want.
So we need to implement some amount of
authentication so a user can log in.
And then we need to figure out
what data belongs to each user.
Like when a user logs in,
they should only see their data.
Then we wanna persist
that data on the server.
All right, now,
currently there is no server.
And that's again, a part of what this
workshop is about is how do we spin up,
again, a very scalable,
very robust back end very quickly, and
kind of focusing on the parts
that make our apps special.
Cuz I'm gonna be really honest,
this is a very special application.
It has a lot of value that
it can bring to the world.
And it's best that I get this
in the hands of customers and
not me spending my entire weekend
doing stuff like authentication.
I'm not interested in that.
I don't want to do that.
I'm not going to do that.
So we have this application.
And our goal is going to be to kind
of get that back end into place,
get the API in place,
get the authentication in place.
Very cool.